I NEED HELP! Phew…Phew… You there, <player name>, I have an urgent request, the “Mighty seas” are flooding in and I need a brave soul to help me fix this conundrum.
    Ignore the weird man in front of you.
        Don’t be so cold mate, this venture will also be beneficial to you so meet me on the roof, I can tell you more about this grave situation.
    Why don’t you calm down and explain the situation first?
        NO TIME! It’s not safe here. Meet me on the roof, that’s where the “Mighty seas” won’t reach us.
HA! HA! Glad to see you made it safely. I guess you might be a bit confused. My name is Piper and I’m a veteran plumber. See, I’m currently in trouble, due to the “Kraken”, the “Mighty seas” have flooded my basement. It's only a matter of time before it floods the house and I need your help fixing it, mate.
    What even are the “Mighty seas” and “Kraken”? I don’t understand what you are saying.
        I’m glad you asked, mate. As a veteran plumber I am always happy to clarify the terminology. My basement is currently flooding due to poor water management and piping. So I need you to get some barrels and  a “mighty scabbard”, also called a wrench, in order to help me fix this ordeal. I believe you are a perfect fit for this job. NOW GO! Save this building from its demise.
    Can you please talk like a normal person?
        NO. Anyways, to put it simply mate, my basement is currently flooding due to poor water management and piping. So I need you to get some barrels and a “mighty scabbard”, also called a wrench, in order to help me fix this ordeal. Hurry now, the fate of this building is in your hands! HA! HA!
Ahoy, mate! I see you got the barrels. Now here’s a quick tip from a veteran. Keep those lids, we don’t want any mosquitoes breeding in them. ALRIGHT! Now time to stand about gawking at nothing, let’s get moving. We don’t have much time.
    Give Piper a wrench.
        Ay mate, that is truly a “Mighty scabbard”, now I can finally quell the “Kraken”.
    Set up the barrels.
        The “Mighty seas” have finally calmed down thanks to these barrels.
YO HO! YO HO! Magnificent work mate! Today is the day you earned yourself the title “Captain <player name>”. Of course you are also deserving of a reward for your great deeds.
    What's the reward?
        Your rooftop “Jungle island” is going to need to quell a “Kraken”of its own, so I will gladly come over and set up the water piping. Because the reward you earned is my friendship. HA! HA!
    What is the point of the “Captain” title? It’s a bit weird.
        You can think about it whatever you want, but it is what earns you the reward, which is my friendship. HA! HA! And since your rooftop “Jungle island” is in need of plumbing I will gladly set it up for you, mate. YO HO!
   